Use reference labels instead of paths (#301)
napari/docs: docs/tutorials/fundamentals/quick_start.md

napari is an open source project on [GitHub](https://github.com/napari/napari) to facilitate transparency, reuse, and extensibility.

> At its core, it provides critical viewer features out-of-the-box, such as support for [large multi-dimensional data](dask); [“layers”](getting-started) to simultaneously visualize images, models, and analysis results; and easy manual, interactive annotation in 3D.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At its core, it provides critical viewer features out-of-the-box, such as support for [large multi-dimensional data](dask); [“layers”](layers-glance) to simultaneously visualize images, models, and analysis results; and easy manual, interactive annotation in 3D.
```
I think linking to the layers at a glance is better here?
